The Status of the Python Examples

I (Alan W. Irwin) could never get pytkdemo (which calls all the old x??.py
examples) to work on Linux.  I therefore made some new stand-alone
widgetless examples xw??.py (note the different name than x??.py) that do
work under Linux.  The xw??.py files were made from the corresponding x??.py
file, but with the w argument (required for widgets) removed, plinit and
plend inserted, the correct modules loaded, and several bugs elminated.
With the new recommended method of creating and installing the dynamically
loadable python plplot module, plmodule.so (which now occurs by default)
these xw??.py examples all work under Linux. To try out these examples,
simply type their names (or if python is not located in the standard place
[/usr/bin/python]) then type "python xw01.py", etc.

All these xw??.py examples should also work under Unix systems according to
the python team comments on dynamic loading, but that is yet to be tested
as of 2001 January 7.

Eventually, we also plan to get pytkdemo (and tutor.py and xtkpy?) working
for the default dynamic loading method, but the core group doesn't currently
have the python skills to do this.  If anybody can make some variation of
pytkdemo work, please get in touch with Alan W. Irwin
(irwin@beluga.phys.uvic.ca).  Note there are some obvious bugs in some of
the x??.py demos, and to sort these out, inspect the equivalent xw??.py
demo. In all cases the xw??.py demos have been thoroughly debugged (albeit
without the "w" arguments that are absolutely necessary to get the widget
x??.py examples to work.)
