This file is designed to keep track of various problem fixes and new
features being worked on for the current PLplot CVS HEAD version and who is
taking responsibility for following up on each item.

The items are divided into Essential and "Would be nice" (i.e., release
critical versus not) with each of those categories further classified into
minor or major effort required.

Essential, major effort required.

* The new Unix/Linux configuration scheme must be tested for as wide a
variety of Unix/Linux platforms as possible.  This is the responsibility of
everybody on the development team with access to different platforms.

* -dev tk problem finding the tcl scripts.  One of Joao, Maurice, or Geoffrey?

Essential, minor effort required.

* http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/message.php?msg_id=1785861 documents
the many minor memory leaks found by valgrind throughout the dynloader area.
Anybody with good understanding of that code section?

* Problems with plplot-test.sh and test_octave.sh segfaulting on any
attempt to run the "x" examples.  Joao.

* Linking problems on xtk0[124].  For static devices these work fine, but
  for dynamic devices there are problems.  Alan

* Move to modern autoconf API.  There are lots of warnings now about the
deprecated functions that we use.

* plplot-config is currently not supported under the autotools approach. We
should bring this back (including targets for libplplotcxx, f77, and tcltk),
but to make it cross-platform we should put in a warning that the results
are meant to be used with plplot_libtool.  Alan

* Alan has some documentation backlog to clear.

* If x08.tcl (or any other multi-page example) is executed first, then the
first page is skipped.

"Would be nice", major effort required.

* Finish Java API or else completely reimplement it with swig (which might
be a much faster way of solving the problem).  Also, Java currently
unimplemented with new configuration approach, but that is straightforward
to do once the Java API problem is sorted out.

* Sort out state problems in repository.  These make every merge of two
different branchs or the -D (date) option on cvs commands problematic since
deleted files with the wrong state information are brought back like zombies
rising from the grave.....;-) Note that the cvs permissions problems
detailed below should also be fixed at the same time.  Maurice.

* Make our documentation buildable on RH 7.3?  Alan

* Maurice plans to finish his changes to implement handling strings as
strings in the metafile format.

* Geoffrey plans to at least evaluate remaining fidelity problems.

* Make plframe widget work for python/Tkinter front end.

* Parallelogram problem for rotation which is not multiple of 90 deg. This
is on the major list because Maurice doesn't think it will be simple to sort
this out. Once this problem is sorted out, it should be possible to deal
with the remaining rotation problems for the font handling, but those issues
should not be tackled until the parallelogram core problem is straightened
out.

* There is still one issue holding back Olof et al from moving to our
supported python interface for their pyqt GUI work. They require two output
devices (one for the GUI and one to store results more permanently).  This
is possible with -dev tk.  If a simple solution for the pyqt GUI following
what is done for the plframe widget for -dev tk is possible, then this item
should be reclassified to "Would be nice", minor effort.

"Would be nice", minor effort required.

* Permissions problem with generated plplot-config and plplot-test.sh in
plplot/test.  Using new autoconf API allows you to set permissions of results
so this will automatically get sorted out when we move to a modern autoconf
API.  Also, this issue only affect "make check" environment since the
installed versions should have the correct permissions using the autotools
approach.

* bindings/tk/plcolor.tcl has execute permissions that should be removed.
examples/tcl/stats.log should be made world-readable.  Both these cvs 
permission problems need access to the CVS repository to fix and should be
done at the same time as the CVS state changes mentioned above.  However,
under autotools you can change the permissions at will in the installed
product so this issue only affects "make check" for uninstalled testing.

* Alan plans to try to adjust our python interface from swig-1.3.1[1-3] to
swig-2.0 if that is released before the PLplot release.

* debian subdirectory made part of HEAD so can build debs directly
from HEAD.  Careful here! Any further cvs merges are going to have to
wait getting the state problems in our cvs repository sorted out.

* fortran, and C++ examples made consistent with the C, tcl, Java, python,
and octave examples as a test that the various interfaces to PLplot produce
the same results.  Those latter interface examples currently need some
maintenance as well due to the C example changes done recently by Joao.

* fortran API used to be our most complete non-C interface, but now it has
fallen behind python (and would also fall behind java and perl if/when those
interfaces become based on swig).  We need a volunteer (or volunteers) to
make sure all our additions/changes to the common API over the last few
years are implemented in fortran. 

* PLplot documentation of python, java, etc., interfaces.
