Remote installation of the PLplot web site
==========================================

We are heading towards a fully automated, remote web site management for
the PLplot project.  For now there are five areas in the site that should
be treated individually.  Note that the instructions below are valid for
the present situation, as in 2004-02, in which the web site is hosted by
SourceForge.  This document must be updated in the enventuality of a moving
to another host.

The uploading of the five areas as described below are non-interfering, in
the sense that each one can be done without affecting the others.


Main www area
-------------

The sources for this area are in the CVS module www.  You must be a
developer in the PLplot project at SourceForge in order to checkout, modify
and upload the web site.

To obtain a fresh CVS tree:

    export CVS_RSH=ssh
    cvs -d :ext:joeplplotter@cvs.sf.net/cvsroot/plplot co www

To install the whole web site, just type:

    cd www
    USER=joeplplotter make

and everything will be built and uploaded automatically, including the
stuff in the announce directory.  Sensible variables are defined in file
Makefile-vars, which is included by both Makefile and announce/Makefile.

Needless to say, this only works with GNU make.  It is better to run make
under ssh-agent/ssh-add, otherwise you will be prompted several times for
your SF password.

Caveat: the command above will happily upload the entire contents of the
subdirectories.  This means that it may upload useless files, most notably
the CVS directories present when working from a cvs checked out source.
Using cvs export is more appropriate here, although the useless files will
not hurt the web site.  I may try to find a fix for this in the future.

It is also possible to install individual files by overriding the FILES
variable in the Makefile, like this:

    make install FILES="resources/index.html examples/index.html"


Examples area
-------------

The examples area in the web site need a set of PNG files as well as the
demos source files that are obtained from the PLplot source tree.  To
obtain it from CVS, do:

    export CVS_RSH=ssh
    cvs -d :ext:joeplplotter@cvs.sf.net/cvsroot/plplot co plplot

Then go to the plplot directory and type:

    USER=joeplplotter scripts/htdocs-gen_plot-examples.sh

This will build the PNG files and upload everything to the
htdocs/examples-data directory in the SF shell server.

To avoid rebuild of the whole project, launch it like this:

    build=false scripts/htdocs-gen_plot-examples.sh


DocBook area
------------

The documentation files (HTML, PDF, info, etc) generated from the DocBook
sources are uploaded to the htdocs/docbook-manual directory in
shell.sf.net.  They are automatically generated at the PLplot source tree
by doing:

    ./configure --enable-builddoc
    cd doc/docbook/src
    make

Note that you will need several tools for processing the DocBook sources.
See doc/docbook/README.developers for details.

To install the DocBook area in the web site, do:

    USER=joeplplotter make www-install


CVS snapshot tarballs area
--------------------------

To generate a cvs snapshot tarball, use the make-cvs-tarball.sh in the
directory scripts.  This script accepts two arguments:

    USER=joeplplotter make-cvs-tarball.sh 5.3.0.cvs v5_3_0

The second argument is the CVS branch label from which the tarball is
built. It default to HEAD.  The first argument is the version string that
will be substituted in the argument of the AC_INIT macro call in
configure.ac.  If it is absent, then it will be automatically generated
from the current date, like 5.3.0.cvs.20040207.

The resulting tarball can be uploaded to htdocs/cvs-tarball in the web site
with the upload-cvs-tarball.sh, like this:

    USER=joeplplotter upload-cvs-tarball.sh plplot-5.3.0.cvs.20040207.tar.gz

A file called <tarball>.asc containing the detached GPG signature will also
be generated and uploaded.  To override the default GPG key, use the
environment variable GPGKEY, like this:

    GPGKEY=0x1234ABCD upload-cvs-tarball.sh tarball.tar.gz


Debian area
-----------

This area is maintained by the Debian maintainer of the PLplot packages.
The scripts and instructions for updating it will be shortly made
available here.


 -- Rafael Laboissiere <rlaboiss@users.sf.net>
    $Id$

Local Variables:
mode: indented-text
End:
