Install:

plplot_octave_org.h is the main (only) important file. It is a massaged
version of plplot's plplot.h file, ready for use with Holt's matwrap,
which you can find at

	http://www.klab.caltech.edu/~holt/matwrap/

As usual, you should get the last version, 0.57 at the time of this
writing. *But you don't need it*, the included 'plplot_octave.cc' is
the result of running matwrap on 'plplot.h'.

If you need or want to regenerate plplot_octave.cc, than you need
matwrap, and you must run 'make' in directory plplot/bindings/octave.
After that you should 'cd' to the base directory and 'configure' plplot
in the usual way.

Because PLplot can be built with floats or doubles, using the
'configure' option --with-double, there are two versions of
plplot_octave.cc and plplot_octave.h, being the correct one copied
during 'configure' to directory plplot/tmp, where all the plplot
compilation takes place.

What you get:

You have a 'demo' directory, with the equivalent octave script files
x??c.m of PLplot C demos, and some new demos, p??.m.

You have a 'PLplot' directory with modified versions of the standard
octave plot command, plus a lot of new ones ready for Octave use. You
must have it on your LOADPATH before the standard octave/gnuplot plot
scripts. If you install it in the default directory, use the octave
command `octave_plplot_path' to setup the path. You can change between
the default gnuplot plotter and octave_plplot using the octave command
`use_plplot'.

You have a misc directory with some other octave demos/utilities.

You have an etc directory where the "documentation" is.

You have the directory where the LICENCE, README, INSTALL, PROBLEMS,
BUGS, ToDo, are, plus 'plplot.h', 'plplot_octave.cc', 'plplot_stub.m',
massage.c, etc.

Testing:

Before installing, you can test plplot_octave:

'cd' to directory plplot/tmp.

If you build plplot with shared libs, using option --with-shlibs during
'configure', you might have problems. Try issuing the command 'ldconfig `pwd`'.

If you have another version of plplot installed, check, after invoking
octave and making same plots, the plplot version, typing "plgver'" (note
the apostrophe in plgver, meaning transpose).

Invoke octave, and set the LOADPATH, typing
	LOADPATH="../bindings/octave//::"

There have several Octave demos, 'p1' up to 'p20'. Try them:

octave> for i=[1:15 19:20]; feval(sprintf("p%d",i));kbhit;endfor;oneplot

and a set of script files that emulate the well known x??c plplot demos. Try:

octave> plplot_octave_demo

# demo x14c might fail, if you have problems with tk.

You can set some preferences in the file 'pldef.m'

The default path to instalation is $prefix/share/plplot_octave. You must
set your LOADPATH to include it *before* the standard Octave LOADPATH.

As with every program, except D. Knuth ones, the programs in this
package are not finished nor bug free. Please report bugs and send
patches. I will not send checks for each bug discovered :-)

Enjoy,

Joao
